What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	
	.git file is added to the folder where git init was called to create a repository. Need to do it so git can create it metadata/history? There will be nothing in the repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area is an in-between the repository and the working directory. It offers the value of giving the user a space to decide what goes into a commit, because users can make errors.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	can use git diff --staged to see what changes were made compared to the most recent commit. If it's too big a commit, idk what to do? Could you unstage just that one file? Not sure, but you'll be able to know how much you're changing before you commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	Branches would keep things organized so when you make changes that are not necessarily part of the main file/feature/bugfixes, it won't get mixed up with the main changes and commits. Branches are kind of like folders of changes; organize the kinds of commits/changes.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	Diagrams help visualize branch structure by enabling me to actually see the branches (not just as a bunch of text and ASCII characters). It's easier to tell what are the parents of what and how everything is connected.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	Combining the changes from two branches. Draw it the way we do because it gives the effect of combining (connecting the two commits into one node). The two nodes are the "parent" of the new child.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Pros of auto = less time for user usually. Cons = sometimes, introduces unknown changes (like that added function earlier). Merging manually = takes more time, but you'll know all the changes.